I am writing to express my interest in the administrative position advertised as being open on this time with your organization. I am recently completed Bachelor's degree in business administration from Heriot Watt University, UK. Now I like to pursue my career in business and administration where I can continue to learn and grow while at the same time applying my abilities in position that will allow me to make a valuable contribution to your organization.

My academic background has provided me with a strong understanding of administration principle and practice which are complemented by any exceptional ability to apply any knowledge and training to real world situations. Moreover, I was involved in an international retail company as a retail sells operative, where I gained success in managing fundamental administrative tasks for a company of over hundred employes. Working closely with manager from different department allowed me to analyze and interpret department's needs giving me the ability to make wise managerial decisions on my own and my diverse experience has opened my ability to adjust quickly changing environment.

Furthermore, I was working with St. Merry's Youth Organization as a general secretary, through my work experience I have developed strong organizational and time management skill which would be very beneficial for your facility. Particularly, I am highly effective in welcoming and directing customers; scheduling appointments, answering and forwarding telephone calls, compiling and typing email and correspondence, arranging educational and cultural programs. In addition, I am well versed in photocopying and distributing materials, setting up and maintaining office filing system as well as record keeping. My enclosed resume will provide you with more details of my qualifications.

I am extremely interested in  joining your team as a administrative assistant. I firmly believe, you will find my skill and values appropriate to your requirements. Also I am positive that my contribution to your organization will prove to be lasting if you will give the opportunity. Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to hearing from you soon.